[orchestral music]
[up-tempo music]
♪ Hey baby ♪
♪ I'm watching you ♪
♪ And all the things you do ♪
♪ Just believe me ♪
♪ If you're not sure ♪
♪ Maybe you need more ♪
♪ I know you're sinking
into your past ♪
♪ I want this thing to last ♪
♪ 'Cause I just wanna ♪
♪ Be with you ♪
♪ Want to tell you ♪
♪ My love is true ♪
♪ All I need is just
a little bit ♪
♪ All I want ♪
♪ A little bit of your love ♪
♪ A little bit of love
is just enough ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ A little bit of love
is just enough ♪
♪ I'm not searchin' ♪
♪ For someone else ♪
♪ I'm just tryin to be myself ♪
♪ I'm in heaven by your side ♪
♪ No more doubting ♪
♪ No more need to hide ♪
♪ New beginnings ♪
♪ Is all we need ♪
[car engine rumbling]
[car engine stops]
[muffled hip-hop music]
[car door closes]
♪ We don't like leases' ♪
♪ No. we don't like apartments ♪
♪ Why are you getting nervous? ♪
♪ Man. put that money
in my pants ♪
♪ Gonna put the money
in the rubber bands ♪
♪ And gonna get quick
couple of bags. yo ♪
♪ How much rex can
a big man carry? ♪
♪ One more strike might
just [indistinct] ♪
♪ Learn to smoke
like [indistinct] ♪
♪ Ain't no jokes
you might get eggy ♪
♪ How much rex can
a big man carry? ♪
♪ One more strike might
just [indistinct] ♪
♪ Learn to smoke
like [indistinct] ♪
Yo.
♪ Ah. ah. ah ooh ♪
Let me catch that shit.
Need to level out.
[rap music continues]
Good?
Shit. Good enough.
All right. Come on.
Let's go get that bread.
♪ Won a jackpot like Vegas.
whoa ♪
♪ How much rex
can a big man carry? ♪
♪ One more strike might
just [indistinct] ♪
♪ Learn to smoke
like [indistinct] ♪
♪ Ain't no jokes
you might get eggy ♪
♪ How much rex
can a big man carry? ♪
♪ One more strike might
just [indistinct] ♪
♪ Learn to smoke
like [indistinct] ♪
♪ Let me get rude
let me get eggy ♪
♪ How much rex
can a big man carry? ♪
[engine rumbling]
[man] All right.
It's go time. myniggas.
-Yes.
-Thank you.
-Okay. Bye. Let's go.
-[door chimes]
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Laundry day. bitch.
Let me see it. come on.
Pay up. let me see it.
Come on.
Yo. what is this?
It's. uh. light as fuck.
This is a hundred.
hundred and fifty dollars.
-What the fuck is this?
-It's been slow.
What am I supposed to do
with this bullshit. bruh?
What the fuck?
Shit. maybe we can use
her little cute ass
for compensation.
Five hundred a week
if you wanna keep running.
What the fuck
is this bullshit?
Get up outta here.
[gun clicks]
Come on out.
[shouts] Let's get the fuck out!
Hurry the fuck up!
[scoffs]
Hey. you know what. Slay?
Maybe we could use her.
[exhales]
-[Jintao] Hey!
-[shotgun bangs]
[shotgun cocks]
Get the fuck out
of my fucking store!
[shouts] Jintao. no!
Moon. shut up.
[gun clicks]
Put your gun down.
get the fuck out
of my fucking store!
[soft. tense music]
[tense music intensifies]
[whispers]
Sis. don't worry. I got it.
-[gunfire]
-[shotgun bangs]
[shrieks] No!
[rapid gunfire]
-Go. go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
-No! [indistinct]
[Moon wailing]
[Tron] Come on.
[screams] No!
[sobs]
[wailing]
[wailing echoes. stops]
[timer ticking]
[timer dings]
["You Got The Look" playing]
♪ First time I saw you
walk on by ♪
♪ You've got the look
(by backup) ♪
♪ The talk of the town
and the queen of style ♪
♪ You've got the look
(by backup) ♪
♪ So hold on baby ♪
♪ Please can I take you
by the hand ♪
♪ You've got the look
(by backup) ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ You've got the look
(by backup) ♪
♪ I can see you. you. you ♪
♪ You've got the look
(by backup) ♪
♪ Oh. baby ♪
♪ There's a fire
within my heart ♪
♪ It's a feeling that I've got ♪
♪ And it's out of control ♪
♪ Baby give it up
or just turn the loop ♪
♪ You got it. you got it
(by backup) ♪
♪ Oh baby won't you
give me the time ♪
♪ Can't you tell me now ♪
♪ Or I will lose my mind ♪
♪ You know that you got it ♪
♪ You just don't care ♪
♪ You got it. you got it
(by backup) ♪
["You Got The Look" continues]
[music fades]
Hey. Ernie.
What's good?
Hm.
I can tell you what's not good.
[sniffs]
Getting old.
Especially if you remember
being young.
The usual?
And to top it off.
I'm experiencin' brain fog.
hot flashes. night sweats.
I'm trying to negotiate
these liberals. man.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
hey. hey. hey. hey.
-These liberals--
-Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Let's NOT today.
Enough with your manopause.
[snickering]
All right. we drinking.
To better days.
-[metal clangs]
-[satisfied pant] All right.
[Ernie] My man.
[metal clangs]
Please be nice to my
pinball machine. sir. please.
["You Got The Look" playing]
♪ Oh. Oh. Oh ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
[pinball rattles]
♪ You got it. you got it ♪
♪ You got the look ♪
Man. let that shit go.
You're never gonna reach
my highest score. ever.
Ray. you know I meditate
20 minutes twice a day
to deal with shit
like your distracting ass.
How's that working out for you.
Mr. Miyagi?
Where's your little yoga mat?
[chuckles]
I'll be right back.
Hey. We gonna have
those cigars?
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. I'll be right back.
I won't be that--
Now give me a second.
[pinball rattles]
So we are on the same channel.
right?
Yeah. We're good.
I mean. business is business.
We don't take things
personally here.
I said we're good.
You know. I really hope so.
Because when someone
gives you work.
they don't want problems.
Get it?
What's up. Ray?
You're gonna have that cigar?
Oscar Shaw. Right?
We met?
Haven't had the pleasure yet.
But your reputation
precedes you.
I'll let you two
get to your fun.
Third wheel. you know.
Cubans from my
private collection.
I want you two to enjoy them.
Who the hell was that?
That's the guy
I'm trying to work with.
He's got some money ideas.
investments and stuff.
Talk too much.
Investments?
I need some extra cash. Oscar.
Well. if you ever
need anything.
you know I got you. right?
I know you got me
but I'm good. thanks.
Since you're so rich.
I guess you're buying
this next round.
[light chuckle]
Not a chance. brother.
How can you drink
that nasty shit?
What? This is the only beer good
for drinking
and pouring on your pancakes.
Well. I get dizzy from
the smell of that bullshit.
[gun rattles]
What's the piece for?
That 45?
This shit is getting crazy
out here.
You ain't hear
about the Kwon shooting?
Two dead. including
a little girl.
and another little girl
was abducted.
Goddamn.
It seemed like the neighborhood
was getting better.
Out the blue.
just made a turn for the worst.
It's these kids
these days. bro.
I ain't afraid to say it.
they got me shook.
My little nip and tuck.
just in case.
But ain't that
what the cops are for?
That's bullshit. Oscar.
Did we make that much
of a difference as the cops?
Yeah. well.
I'd like to think so.
But some of us got a raw deal.
Raw deal?
You got a bad deal. brother.
The world is crazier than ever.
Yeah. but what can we do
about it?
Drink. Ray. Drink.
[glasses clink]
[contemplative music]
[paper rustles]
Rotten bastards took her.
I'm sorry.
Nice seeing you again.
[sighs]
Sorry for your loss.
The neighborhood was nicer
when you were in charge.
Take care. Soo.
[thudding]
It looks like you got
some money.
Let me get some.
I ain't gonna give you a dime.
but you can earn it.
How?
That's why
you should have a car.
[Oscar] [laughs]
You don't enjoy the walk?
[kid] No.
Why are you dressed like that?
It's a sign of respect
for yourself and others.
Hey. yo. What's good. bruh?
You lost or something?
[kid]
But don't you have a car?
Huh?
Yes. I have a car.
but I prefer walking.
[Tron] I say you lost.
nigga. what's up?
You good?
[smacks]
Don't wanna catch your ass
around here again. all right?
-[tense music]
-[whispers] Hey. hey.
Looks good. Looks good.
[Random] Holy shit. bro.
Come on. nigga!
[rapid gunfire]
[Oscar] Get down.
Get down.
[rapid gunfire continues]
[tires screech]
[engine revving]
[engine zooming]
[panting] Are you okay?
Man. I'm fine.
[soft. pensive music]
Sure you're okay?
Man. I'm fine.
[sighs deeply]
[softly] All right.
[soft. pensive music continues]
Well. here we are.
Well. little man.
my name is Oscar and you are?
Andre.
Andre. okay.
Well. Andre. here you go.
A dusty five bucks
and you live
in a house like this?
Well. it wasn't like this
when my wife
and I first bought it.
She inside?
Well. no. she has
a different house now.
Well. I got some grass to cut
if you wanna make
some more money.
Nah. I'm good.
Hm. All right.
Well. you be careful.
Whatever.
Later. Oscar.
[chuckles]
[distant siren blaring]
[packaging rustles]
What's up. little buddy?
[soda can pops]
You all right. little buddy?
Hm?
Buster
I feel bad.
I should've never
named you Buster.
That's a dog's name.
I mean. I regret it.
but it's too late now.
And you're a girl?
Don't know what I was thinking.
Most people think that...
I was drunk...
the night I named you. but...
but you know what?
I still love your
freeloadin' ass.
[car alarm blaring]
[door latch clicks]
Hey nigga. what the fuck
you doin' in my car?
Suck my motherfuckin'
dick. nigga.
Slay? Andrew?
-The fuck you gonna do?
-Nigga. I raised you.
[car alarm blaring continues]
Get the fuck outta here!
[car door slams]
-[car beeps]
-[car blaring stops]
[foreboding music rises]
[foreboding music intensifies]
[gate closes]
[foreboding music continues]
[foreboding music fades]
[pensive music]
[sleepy groan]
[timer ticking]
[timer dings]
[pensive music continues]
[dog whines softly]
[door bangs softly]
[pensive music continues]
[man]
There's a tension on my mind.
So you know. she said.
"Well. I'm leaving."
-What's up. E?
-[man] When?
-[laughing]
-Hey. hey.
The man. the myth. the legend.
In my own mind. possibly.
[laughing]
Ray's late again?
Shit. you can set
your watch by him.
You mean I came here late
on purpose
and I still beat his ass.
-Appreciate you.
-Mm-hmm.
[Oscar] What up. Jimmy?
-How you feeling?
-[grunts] Yeah.
[pinball rattles. dings]
Ah. Shit!
[voicemail] At the tone
please record your message
[recording beep]
Ray. where's your slow ass at?
[ominous music]
[door creaks open]
[door hinges creaking]
[ominous music continues]
[female voice]
Can I help you?
[Oscar] Who are you?
I might ask you the same thing.
I'm Oscar Shaw.
Is there a problem?
[tuts] Depends.
Were you a family member
or friend of Raymond Jackson?
What do you mean. were?
Ross?
This is a legend. Perez.
He taught me everything I know.
Not everything.
[door latch clicks]
[ominous. tense music]
[Nina] I'm sorry. Mr. Shaw.
I was just about
to call you.
I know you two...
were thick as thieves.
[somber music]
What happened?
Uh. break-in.
maybe. but nothing
appears to be stolen.
It seems Mr. Jackson surprised
the invaders and they...
they shot him.
[somber music continues]
Sick bastards
even killed his cat.
The landlady found him
an hour ago.
Can I...
get you something to drink?
[somber music continues]
[sighs deeply]
I'm looking into every angle.
All right?
Jackson was a friend
of mine too.
Do you know
if he had any enemies?
No. Everybody liked Ray.
Yeah. he was well liked inside
and outside the department.
Is there any sign of struggle?
No. It appears like they
might've gotten the jump on him.
Was there a gun found?
No gun.
Why?
[distant vehicle honks]
You got something?
It's...it's just a guy
like Ray isn't...
wasn't likely to let somebody
get the jump on him.
We're looking into it. [sighs]
Maybe he was waiting
for a food delivery.
and his guard was down.
Yeah. But what was the motive.
since nothing appears
to be stolen?
He still had fifty bucks
in his wallet.
And why kill his cat?
Some sick fucks out there.
[sighs] Man was just talking
to me about this kind of shit.
Well. thank you so much
for your time. Mr. Shaw.
I--I know this is hard.
We'll. uh. be in touch
if we have anything further.
And. uh.
feel free to let us know
if you have any
other information
that could help us
in our investigation.
Is Frank Archer still captain?
Commander.
[incredulous sigh]
Am I missing something
about Commander Archer?
There's some bad blood
between them.
[door bangs]
[unsettling music]
[rhythmic. unsettling music]
So. uh. what's the deal
between your friend
and Commander Archer?
[chuckles]
Shaw and Jackson were partners
during a big drug bust.
But because it
was deemed unethical.
and some rich white college kid
was killed.
they were placed
on administrative leave.
Then Archer used Shaw
as an scapegoat
and forced him to retire.
Jackson got a slap on the wrist.
but he left in solidarity.
and they've been living off
their pensions ever since.
[sighs]
There are rules
we all have to follow.
No cop's above the law.
You don't know the facts
of the case.
Shaw was pretty much
the fall guy.
I'm pretty sure they had
their legitimate reasons
to let him go.
Look. Oscar Shaw
is one more statistic
of government bureaucracy.
[Chuck breathes deeply]
[car door bangs]
[forlorn music]
[breathing shakily.
silent sobbing]
[forlorn music continues]
[sniffles]
[male voice]'It's. uh-yeah.
way more than the moss green.
It's a--it's a bit bigger.
it's a bolder statement.
-[repeated tapping]
-That's fine. Kate.
Go ahead
and paint my home office
the way you want it. Okay?
I gotta go.
What is it. guys?
Uh. the break-in
at Officer Ray Jackson's home
revealed nothing taken.
Might be a revenge killing.
Uh. it might be. Detective?
That's all we've got
right now. sir.
Also. I ran
into Oscar Shaw.
[mocking laughter] Shaw?
You think he has something
to do with this?
-It definitely wasn't Shaw.
-[Frank] Right.
Yeah. Mister Shaw
was very upset
about the loss of his friend.
-I really don't think--
-Shaw's a dinosaur.
He's old news. Okay?
Look. Jackson was one of ours.
Let's find out
who cashed his check.
but don't let it interfere
with any other
-pending investigations.
-Sir--
[scoffs] I just made
myself clear. Detective.
I know you're trying
to find your way around
in this precinct.
learn the ropes.
But do me a favor.
just follow Ross' lead.
-Got it?
-Yes. sir.
[sighs]
Can you get Kate back. please?
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
-Ernie?
-[Ernie] Yeah.
One more.
[glass thuds]
Ernie?
Yep?
[metal clanks]
[chuckles] Yeah.
Raymond was a good man.
[glass clinking]
He's gonna be missed
around here.
[softly] Yeah.
[object clattering]
One of the best.
[Ernie] To Raymond.
[glass clinks]
Hear. hear.
[female customer]
Is this seat taken?
Oh. Hey.
[female customer]
How are you doing?
Fine.
There's trouble when you start
answering questions
with one to two-word answers.
To Raymond.
[glass clinks]
So you've been out of my life
for what?
Two years?
Why you back now?
I just wanted to help.
I know you're in pain.
Was I really that shitty
of a husband?
The late nights.
The mood swings.
The shutting me out.
So you went and found a guy
who had kids of his own
that needed a mama.
Instant family. just...
add wifey. right?
That's not fair.
Johnny and I
were high school friends.
Ah.
It just turned
into something more
when you froze me
out of your life.
[glass thuds]
[tuts] Gone.
-Hey. hey. Hey.
-[Ernie] Whoa! Whoa!
Let me drive you home.
-Please?
-Hey. hey. hey.
Oscar. Oscar.
Let Vanessa help
you home. brother.
Come on. brother. please.
Come on. let's go.
Come on.
[pensive music]
[car engine rumbling]
Looks just like
how I remember it.
Did you ever finish
the dining room?
What do you think?
Hey. Can we be friends.
maybe go out
to dinner one night?
[sighs] I don't need
your charity. Vanessa.
It's not charity.
you stubborn bastard.
It's called kindness.
and I still care about you
even if you don't give a damn
about anyone else.
Who told you
I don't give a damn?
Just go home
to Prince Charming.
[car door opens]
[Oscar clears throat]
[car door slams]
[deep sigh]
Who said he was Prince Charming?
[cars' engine rumbling]
[unsettling music]
Fly high. Princess.
Don't even think about it.
Tron said she's
for paying cats only.
[unsettling music]
Don't smoke too much. Brash.
Ever feel like
you're already dead?
And you gotta wait for the
cosmos to catch up with you?
What the--
[laughs]
What this nigga
talking about?
Hey. nah. nigga. you done.
[banging on door]
[hip-hop music]
Show me the color
of your money.
Now get the fuck out.
[trembling] Yeah.
All right.
♪ All that love ♪
♪ We shared together ♪
♪ All those good times ♪
♪ That we had ♪
♪ What went wrong ♪
♪ Is a wonder ♪
♪ Now that you've gone ♪
-♪ And walked out forever ♪
-[timer dings]
♪ Oh. baby.
one more lonely night ♪
♪ Oh. this feeling ain't bad ♪
♪ Without your love ♪
♪ Oh. baby.
one more lonely night ♪
♪ Oh. this feeling ain't bad ♪
♪ Without your love ♪
♪ Don't know what's the reason ♪
Raymond's commitment to service
began long before
he joined the police force.
As a young man.
he volunteered in his community
and was always willing
to lend a helping hand.
This selflessness
and dedication
continued throughout his life
and career.
earning him the respect
and admiration of his colleagues
and community members.
Raymond's unwavering courage
and bravery in the line of duty
are a testament
to his character.
He put himself in harm's way
to protect and serve all of us.
We are forever grateful.
His service and dedication
will not be forgotten.
To Raymond's family.
I offer my deepest condolences.
Your loss is our loss.
and we share in your grief.
Today. we honor Raymond Jackson.
a hero who made
the ultimate sacrifice.
His service and dedication
will not be forgotten.
and we will always hold him
in our hearts.
May he rest in peace.
[poignant music]
[birds chirping faintly]
[Frank] Hey. Oscar.
Hey. man.
It's been a minute.
Yeah.
Yeah. I just wanted to say
we're all real sorry
about your loss.
We really love
Officer Jackson.
He was one of a kind.
Yeah. he was.
Oh. Hey. man.
How you been lately?
Did you really just
fucking ask me that?
How about we just grab
some drinks
and catch up on those times.
huh?
No. man.
I'm good.
Later.
Vanessa. it was nice
seeing you again.
Nice to see you. too. Chuck.
Take care.
[looming music]
[tense music]
[dramatic sting fades]
Would it kill you
to have a drink
with your former officers?
Got nothing to say.
You spend so much time alone.
Oskie.
I worry about you.
I'm good.
Do you want me to come in.
too?
Nah. you go home
to the husband and kids.
[door latch clicks]
Sorry about your door.
[car door slams]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[thumps]
[soft. ominous music]
[cabinet door rattles]
[ominous music continues]
[wood thuds]
Right. [sighs]
[soft background music]
[groaning] Oh.
Yes. sir.
Let's get it.
[Oscar] Mm-hmm.
-[satisfied pant] Ah!
-[satisfied pant]
Mm-hmm. [laughs]
Oh. man. let me call you a cab.
Let me call you
a little girl.
[laughs]
[jazz music]
Be right back.
Damn.
Mm-hmm. Over 200.000 in cash.
Question is. what was Jackson
doing hoarding this much cash?
-Who knows?
-[Nina] Was he selling drugs?
Did he rob someone?
Did he steal this
from the evidence room?
I don't think so.
Jackson was clean.
[tuts]
Well. he wasn't killed for it.
All right. let's. uh.
log this into evidence.
Or we could locate
the nearest family member
and give it to them.
[tuts] Uh. this could
be evidence to criminal motive.
No. it's not.
And how do you know?
He has an estranged daughter.
I could track her down
and make sure she gets it.
Shame about Raymond. isn't it?
So senseless.
It's just terrible.
[paper towels rustling]
[faucet running]
Well. it's good that the police
are going to handle it.
The fuck you talking about?
The investigation
into Raymond's death.
It'll make it easier
on all of us.
We step out and let
the police do their work.
[sniffles]
You know what I mean?
No. I don't.
It's best that way.
I know you two were close.
[softly] I'm truly sorry.
[tense music]
[crickets chirping]
[subtle. tense music]
Give me the watch
and the wallet. nigga.
It's Parkside. motherfucker.
[foreboding music]
[faucet running]
[gunshot]
[groans]
[foreboding music continues]
Parkside. huh?
Look at you.
Just a fucking baby.
What a waste.
[timer ticking]
[doorbell rings]
[sighs]
[door latch clicks]
Sorry to bother you.
Were you still in bed?
No.
[timer ticking]
[Chuck] May I come in?
[door closes]
[timer dings]
You baking some cookies?
Uh. no. I use this to meditate.
[scoffs] Meditate? You?
[clears throat]
Some dogs can learn new tricks.
What's up?
I just came by
to check up on you.
I know it's damn hard
to lose a friend.
[sighs] Well. I've lost many.
You get used to it.
Yeah. death is a part of life.
right?
You mind if I sit?
[sighs]
You know a hood rat
named Brash?
No. can't say that I do.
Well. we found this
on his corpse.
Somebody plugged him up
with a hose last night.
This is Ray's.
Do you think this guy Brash
killed him?
[Chuck] Hard to say.
He could have just found it
or acquired it.
He runs-- ran with the gang
from the Badlands.
They called themself PSK.
Parkside Killers.
Kid named Tron is the boss.
Most of them have a rap sheet
as long as your legs.
Do they all have colorful names
like Tron and Brash?
[chuckles] Yeah.
We're looking into it.
It's a possible lead.
Well. I appreciate
you telling me.
Is there anything
I can do for you. Oscar?
Nothing I can think of.
[tense music]
All right. I'll just
show myself out.
Oh. and good luck
with the meditating.
Yeah.
Well. good luck on your case.
[light chuckle]
[door squeaks]
[door locks softly]
[tense music continues]
[door creaks open]
[door closes]
Andre?
What are you doing here?
I just need a place to hang.
Come on inside.
I see you met Tux.
[light chuckle] He's cute.
[wrapper rustling]
Okay. I need you to hold this.
put pressure on the bruise.
All right. so you want
to tell me what happened?
It was a kid at school.
What was his name?
I can't remember.
Oh. you can't remember the kid
who punched you in the face?
Do you have anything to drink?
[water pouring]
Now. you want to tell me
what really happened?
Was it your mom?
Your dad?
[sighs] Where do you live?
Ain't saying.
He'll hurt you too.
I will take that chance.
I just want to talk to him.
okay?
Where's your wife?
[Oscar]
Don't change the subject.
He ain't home right now.
Well. where is he?
[unsettling music]
This car is kind of
a piece of shit.
Well. it's that way
for a reason.
For what reason?
'Cause thieves don't steal
pieces of shits.
Why don't you tell me
about your father?
Do you have any kids?
Do you always answer
a question with a question?
No. My--my ex-wife Vanessa
and I tried to have kids.
but it wasn't meant to be.
So we got doctors to help.
and that didn't work either.
Do you like kids?
Only ogres don't like kids.
What's an ogre?
Ogres are monsters
that eat people.
You know. kind of like
in the fairy tales.
That's dumb as hell.
Yeah. I see your point.
I think I saw my pops.
Where?
You saw him go in there?
Is it that guy. the bald guy
in the sweatshirt?
It looks like him.
He comes here to buy beer.
Where's your mom?
She likes dope.
Okay. You coming?
[softly] No.
All right. Wait here.
[car door latch clicks]
[car door slams]
Hey. excuse me.
Excuse me.
[engine revs]
Hey.
What's up?
The fuck you want?
Hey. little man.
Tron been looking for you.
I ain't going with you.
Get your ass out of the car.
[car door clicks]
Is that your kid?
What kid?
Out there in the Subaru.
in the passenger seat.
[scoffs] I don't see no kid
out there. man.
Right--
[car engine revving]
[dramatic music]
[car engine starts. revving]
[dramatic music continues]
[car door closes]
[Slay] Come on.
Get the fuck out
of the way. man.
[car engine stops]
Sit down.
Tron will be here in a minute.
[foreboding music]
[foreboding music intensifies]
[indistinct]
get the fuck out. bitch!
Now get the fuck out.
[menacing music]
Excuse me.
Look. I'm not trying to get
into your business.
All I want is for Andre
to come with me right now.
Who the fuck is you?
I know you're not his daddy.
His daddy sent him here.
But regardless...
but regardless of whatever
arrangements you have
with his father.
I need him to come
with me right now.
Do you know
where the fuck you at?
[menacing music]
[gun clicks]
[punch thrown]
Hey. hey. hey.
[gun clicks]
[gun thuds]
Look. I don't want no trouble.
And neither should you.
[indistinct] motherfucker?
[rapid gunfire]
[Ghost grunts]
[tense music]
[Slay breathing in difficulty]
Slay?
Slay. right?
What'd your mama name you?
[breathing shakily]
Andrew. Andrew.
Andrew?
Did you kill Ray Jackson?
Didn't kill him.
Who did?
[indistinct whisper]
Where's the rest of your crew?
[breathing shakily] Klub DV8.
Okay.
[metal clanks]
[tense music]
[whispers]
You stay right there.
[dramatic music]
[door creaks]
[gunshots]
[tense music]
[whispers] It's me.
Remember me?
Come on.
Let's go.
[whispers] It's all right.
[dramatic music]
[rain pattering]
Soo! Soo!
-[gasps]
-[whimpering]
Soo. get her to the hospital.
Keep her somewhere safe.
They might be back.
[sobbing] Thank you. Oscar.
-[Oscar] Yep.
-Thank you.
I'm definitely not taking
you back to your house.
-Then where are we going?
-Let's go.
[sobbing] Are you okay?
[sobbing]
[thunder rumbling]
Okay. get you all set up
so you can watch some TV
and relax.
I'm gonna get my ass beat
when I get home.
No. you're not.
That's why you're
staying here tonight.
And we'll find
your father tomorrow.
Are you gonna kill him
like you did those men?
No. I'm just gonna talk to him.
that's all.
-Okay?
-Okay.
All right. Come on.
Get you all set up. TV.
Here's the remote.
I know you know
how to work that.
And I will see you
in the morning.
[sighs] Okay.
Good night.
[sighs]
[gun clicks]
Where are you going?
I'll be gone for
a couple of hours.
You okay?
I like it here.
He's funny.
All right.
I'll be back.
[dramatic music building]
[tense music]
[muffled club music]
♪ Tell the DJ it's baseline ♪
♪ I got these girls
all over me ♪
♪ Going down for some baseline ♪
[indistinct]
♪ But I see through
all of them faceless ♪
♪ You think I'm cocky.
ain't I? ♪
♪ Why are you grilling
on me day and night? ♪
♪ Party hard ain't no fool ♪
♪ Till the break of dawn
I mean daylight ♪
♪ Dude. I'm telling it
killing it ♪
♪ Smoking the cigarette.
cigarette ♪
[indistinct]
What can I get you. slick?
Bourbon on ice.
♪ But now you wanna
hold me close ♪
♪ You look stupid
because you brag a lot like ♪
♪ [indistinct]
with no portfolio ♪
♪ Just after party. after party
after party ♪
♪ Just after party ♪
♪ After party. after party ♪
♪ Like you know nothin' ♪
♪ Af- af- say after party ♪
♪ After party. after party ♪
♪ After party. after party.
after party ♪
♪ You know how the story goes ♪
♪ I'm doin' this for years ♪
♪ Been nothing but
[indistinct] ♪
♪ Let's get it
get it. get it ♪
♪ And if you weren't there
to come closer ♪
♪ Come closer ♪
♪ Get on it ♪
[muffled club music]
[rapping unintelligibly]
[water running]
[muffled club music]
-[smacks]
-What the fuck?
[gasps] [strains]
You fucked up my man.
[groans. chokes] [whimpers]
I didn't hit you that hard.
-Your kids today are so soft.
-[gun cocks]
Fuck you.
you creepy-ass old man.
Yeah. you're right.
[body thuds]
[gasping] Fuck.
[door bangs]
You're right.
This is much more private.
Let's see.
What you got?
Let's run these pockets.
Uh-oh. uh-oh. uh-oh. uh-oh.
Oh. what's this?
You got a two-to-five-year bid
in your pocket.
You a cop?
Cause that shit ain't mine.
Some motherfucker
must've put that in my pocket
trying to frame me!
You know what.
I don't give a shit about this.
What you're going to do for me.
you're gonna call your boy out
for a little chat.
Man. I ain't doing shit!
[punch thrown]
[gasping] What the fuck.
[Oscar] Yeah.
-[gasping]
-Thanks.
[coughs]
[hip-hop music]
♪ I ain't pickin' up gold ♪
♪ Stupid like my eyes
in the cloud ♪
♪ And my songs go hard. though ♪
♪ And they everywhere ♪
Let's go.
[gasping]
♪ Don't you know... ♪
What the fuck?
[Whack] What?
Hey. have you seen this shit?
Nah. this nigga always
[indistinct]
[Tron] Come on.
We should go. Come on.
♪ Let me get this straight... ♪
-[Whack] Damn.
-♪ No ring attack-- ♪
[tense music]
[exhales] Shit.
What the fuck are you
calling us outside for. nigga?
Hold it right there.
Unless you want Drake here
to follow the rest of your crew
into the afterlife.
Yeah. that's right.
Your man Slay has been slayed.
and your boy Ghost is a ghost.
But you got my word.
I'll let you live if you tell
me who popped Ray Jackson.
I know you.
This nigga's a cop.
[dramatic stinger]
Kill that nigga!
[rapid gunshots]
Shit. shit!
[dramatic music]
[gunshots]
[gunshot]
-Let's slide!
Come on.
Let's go! Come on!
Come on. Whack!
[rapid gunshots]
-[gunshot]
-[groans] Oh. fuck!
[indistinct] fucking got me.
man.
[tense music]
Go ahead.
Finish me off.
Tell me what I want to know.
and I'll call you an ambulance.
I ain't telling you shit.
you pig!
[panting]
[tense music continues]
[distant sirens wailing]
[dramatic music]
[trash thuds]
[distant sirens wailing]
[car door bangs]
[car engine starts]
[car engine revs]
[Nina] Oscar Shaw.
Evening.
[Chuck] Oscar.
May we ask you
where you're coming from?
Had a hankering
for a pack of gum.
Side effect of being
a recovering smoker.
You're pretty well-dressed
for simply stepping out
for some gum. Mr. Shaw.
Well. maybe you should see
what I look like
stepping out
for a steak sometime.
[Chuck] There was a shooting
at Klub DV8.
Some of the gang members
were attacked.
Several were killed.
That's terrible.
Know anything about that?
Not until just now.
Do you mind coming downtown
to answer some questions?
Yeah. I mind.
Don't make this
any more complicated
than it already is. Oscar.
On what charge. Ross?
Probable cause.
[sighs]
As long as this
doesn't take too long.
Do our best.
[Oscar] [softly] Yeah.
Can't say I've ever been
in the back of one
of these before.
How long were you on the force?
[sighs] Over 30 years.
Would've been longer
if some bureaucratic asshole
hadn't fucked me over.
That's unfortunate.
Well. life's a bitch.
And then you die.
I want to show you something.
Now that looks a lot like you.
doesn't it. Mr. Shaw?
Well. a lot of people
say we all look alike.
Detective Perez.
That is not what I meant.
and you know it.
All right. cut the shit.
Is that you we were watching?
Simple question.
No. it's not me.
Look. we appreciate you
trying to avenge a friend
and clean up the town
of scumbags.
but that's our job.
I already told you.
that's not me.
So. are we done here?
Your friend Ray was found
with over $200.000
stashed in his apartment.
Do you know anything
about that?
-Two hundred thousand?
-[Nina] Mm-hm.
Damn. he still owe me 500.
Or. maybe you knew he was dead.
and you were coming
into the apartment
to get the cash.
I'm going to pretend
you didn't just say that.
so I won't have to dislike you.
Okay. I think we're done here.
It's about goddamn time.
[unsettling music]
[Nina] Look. I'm sorry
about accusing you
of killing your friend.
I know you didn't do it.
It's okay.
How was your time like
with him.
on the force?
We were inseparable.
People used to joke.
and they called us bad boys.
Yeah. after my career was over.
I got really down.
Chased my wife away.
Even thought about
eating a bullet.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Then I started meditating.
and stopped holding
onto shit so tight.
Maybe I should start
meditating too. huh?
[soft chuckle]
[distant gunshots]
[Frank] No. no. no.
It's not him.
It's probably someone
that Tron pissed off.
You know. there's
a lot of people out there
that want him dead.
Sir. it's too much
of a coincidence though.
All of them are dead.
except them.
And within days.
right after Jackson?
It's not Shaw.
He probably hasn't aimed
a gun in years.
[exasperated sigh]
I'm telling you.
the guy's different.
Do you know he tries
to keep sane by meditating?
With a chicken timer.
Really?
Well. how do you keep
your sanity. detective?
You do crossword puzzles?
Listen to me. It's--
whoever's killing these morons.
they're doing us a favor.
They're like weeds.
You pull one
and two more show up.
They're not going
to be missed.
[sighs]
[chickens clucking]
[cartoon playing on TV]
[TV shuts off]
What time is it?
Time for you to tell me who
the hell this is on my couch.
He's my best friend.
His moms didn't come home.
so I thought it'd be best
if he'd chill here too.
You thought it would be best.
huh?
Well. I'm not running
a boy's home for runaway kids.
[sighs]
He can stay the night.
but this place better
be cleaned up
by the time I wake up
in the morning.
You got me?
Yes. sir.
All right.
Good night.
[heavy footsteps]
[sighs]
[exhales]
[phone buzzing]
[buzzing stops]
Yeah?
I just came back
from the hospital.
Whack died.
He bled to death.
That's too bad.
That means the killer's
still out there.
and he's responsible
for two murders.
But that's not
what I'm calling about.
I'm listening.
Before he died.
Whack told me that Tron
had been seeing Jasmine Trent.
Yeah?
She lives in Chinatown.
Okay.
I figured he's running out
of places to hide.
and it's a short bet
he might pop up at her place.
I have an address.
Okay. why are you
telling me this?
I thought you might
want to know.
But you didn't hear this
from me.
and we didn't have
this conversation.
Okay. thanks.
[rousing music]
[car engine rumbles]
[low. rousing music]
[car engine revs. stops]
[tense music]
[car door closes]
[keys jingling]
[hip-hop music blaring]
[objects clattering]
[menacing music]
What are you doing here?
[dramatic sting]
Look. I got a tip.
-I can't say from who...
-Give me the gun.
So it was you at Klub DV8.
Look. just hear me out--
[distant thud]
[gunshot]
[groans]
-[gunshot]
-[groans. winces]
[gun cocks]
[suspenseful music]
[Tron] Good try.
Fucking bitch!
[building crescendo]
[male voice] Travis!
[scoffs]
[soft. tense music]
Yo. why didn't you warn me
these motherfuckers was coming?
I fucking tried.
You set me up.
after all I did for you.
Aw. fuck.
You got me. Oscar.
Let's smoke
these dumbass niggas.
You were behind this.
weren't you?
Travis here's my cousin.
It's Tron.
Not fucking Travis. bro.
You killed Ray.
He was gonna rat
on all of us.
The money--
Yo. what's this bitch
talking about?
The money he was hoarding.
It was his payoff.
Yeah. all that money.
and no fucking gratitude?
[gunshot]
[gasping for air]
[body slumps]
[dramatic music]
[gunshot]
[Oscar groans]
[Nina] [grunts]
Are you all right?
I'd feel a lot better...
not lying here in a pool
of my own blood.
but maybe that's me.
[groans. exhales]
1031 Winter Street.
Officer down.
I need an ambulance
and backup.
[panting]
How you doing?
I'm great.
[exhales]
[siren blaring]
[siren blaring fades]
[Nina] How you feeling?
Well-ventilated.
[chuckles]
And you?
I got lucky.
One went straight through.
the other one just grazed me.
You took your two like a champ.
[Oscar] Why. thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Tell me.
did you know Ross was dirty?
[tuts] I had a feeling. yes.
I'm actually undercover.
With the federal task force.
And investigating Ross
and I have my suspicions.
this goes higher up.
Archer.
-Yep.
-Man. Piece of shit.
Mm-hmm.
[tuts] I'm just...
I'm just glad you're okay.
Well. get me out of here.
I'll be a lot better.
Let me see what I can do.
[Oscar] All right.
[pensive music]
Nurse said you were out here.
Thought I'd come out.uh.
check on your progress.
Okay. look. I know I'm
the last person on Earth
you want to see right now.
Really. What gave you
the first clue?
[chuckles]
Ah. Frank. man. This is...
The last few days have taught me
that life is too short
to hang on to bullshit.
You know?
Maybe it's just
the meds talking.
Hey. I agree with you.
I really do.
But I'd like to talk
about a proposition.
I'm listening.
It was pretty embarrassing
with what happened
to Detective Ross.
I tell the press that you
were attempting to assist Ross.
You know. you were concerned
for his welfare.
In the process. though.
he killed Ross and wounded you.
Moments later.
Perez came on the scene.
killed Tron. and saved you.
Well. that's good.
[birds calling]
[chuckles]
Man. if I learned anything
working in narco unit.
it's to follow the money
to the source.
-[Frank] Mm-hmm.
-Okay?
So how did Ross get
all that heroin on the street
for his cousin to sell?
I mean. who was protecting him?
I have a partner.
He's Colombian.
Uh. he says he knows you.
-Caesar?
-[Frank] Yeah.
-The cigar dude.
-Yeah.
Yeah.
He brings up his product
from south of the border.
Tron and his boys
distribute it.
And. well. we--
we look the other way.
So you allow a cartel
to operate in the city.
and you charge a fee
for yourself.
No. It's not for me.
It's for us.
How long were you on the force?
Thirty years?
Thirty years.
And what do you have
to show for it. huh?
A broken marriage.
100 grand in therapy bills?
It's not just for me. Oscar.
It's for us.
I'm down two men now.
Those were good men.
And I need another good man.
And I need you. Oscar.
I need you.
All right?
So I'm gonna get you started
with $100.000. okay?
It was gonna go to Jackson.
but now it's yours.
-A hundred thousand?
-Yeah.
Sometimes Caesar needs
a little help.
You know. some housecleaning.
Hot new drug gang
comes on up here.
tries to set up shop.
Sometimes he needs
a little help with that.
if you know what I mean.
-[Oscar] Yeah.
-So listen. Oscar.
It's about being
on the winning team.
Yeah.
-All right?
-Yeah. I understand.
You okay?
[slurring] Oh. man.
sometimes these meds. man.
they just--they just
jack my head up.
-You need me to get the nurse?
-No. no. no. no. no.
I'll call her.
[birds chirping]
[winces] Oh. shit.
Could you take me inside?
I--I need to rest
for a little bit.
[indistinct background chatter]
[Frank] Good afternoon.
I'd like to address the events
of the last couple of weeks.
Detective Sergeant
Charles M. Ross
was investigating a gang
that was selling heroin laced
with fentanyl to the beautiful
citizens of this city.
Ross. alongside Detective
Sergeant Nina E. Perez.
were able to stop
these suspects.
In the course of a gun battle.
however.
the gang leader.
Travis Parks. a.k.a. Tron.
was killed
alongside our beloved
Detective Charles Ross.
I'd like to bring
Detective Sergeant Perez
up to the podium.
She has a few words.
-Are you ready?
-Mm-hmm.
[tuts]
Thank you. Commander Archer
for the introduction
and the Meritorious
Service Award
for my fallen partner.
Detective Ross.
or Chuck. to his friends.
However. what was spoken of here
was far from the truth.
Detective Ross.
along with retired officer
Raymond Jackson.
as well as Police Commander
Frank Archer.
were the reason why so much
fentanyl-laced heroin
hit the streets.
I have some evidence
obtained thanks
and credit to another officer
who wasn't named but should be.
since he's the one who made most
of this possible--Oscar Shaw.
[recorder beeps]
[Frank]
He brings in his product
from south of the border.
makes his way up here.
Tron and his P.S.K. gangsters
distribute it
and we--well.
we look the other way.
[rapid camera flashing]
[mic feedbacks]
[Frank] This thing was
A.I. generated.
You are lying.
This is a complete lie.
You fabricated
this whole thing.
The only fabricated thing here.
Commander.
is that bullshit speech
you just dumped in
talking to the press.
Officers. take this man out.
What? Scott! Steve!
[indistinct chatter]
Mr. Shaw. come on up here.
Private citizen Oscar Shaw
also recovered the heroin
that was stolen.
It's off the streets.
He was unfairly forced to quit
his position on the force.
but I'm here today to tell you
that he is a man of integrity.
like no one I've ever met.
And he made my job
as an investigator
with Internal Affairs
much easier.
Thank you. Mr. Shaw.
[background hubbub]
[camera shutters snapping]
[muffled interviews]
[timer ticking]
[timer dings]
[soft piano music]
[sighs]
[coffee pouring]
[juice pouring]
[utensils clattering]
[door chimes]
-Hey. hey. Hey. ladies.
-Oh. Hey. Oscar.
[Oscar] How's it going?
-Good.
-Oscar!
[chuckles] Hey. How you doing?
Good.
And who do you have with you?
Well. this is Andre
and he's going to be staying
with me for a little while.
-[giggles]
-[Oscar] And...
[door chimes]
Stay here.
So Andre.
like how's school going?
-Good.
-[Moon] Awesome.
Hey.
Oh. it's you.
What you want over here?
Andre's your son. right?
Yeah. Andre's my son.
Where he been at?
He's been staying with me.
What you mean
he's been staying with you?
Listen. Andre's going to stay
with me for a while.
That's my kid.
You can't do that to me.
Think just 'cause you got a suit
on you you're better than me
and you're gonna take my kid?
-That's my son!
-[gun cocks]
All the fucking money
in the register now.
Let's go.
Chop chop. motherfuckers.
Hey. Hey. what the hell
are you doing?
What the fuck it look
like I'm doing?
Man. back up!
I get it.
You grew up
worshipping gangsters
because that's the only people
you see getting respect.
But son. your friends.
your phone. and your music
has taught you that waving guns
and dying young is gangster.
But what's really gangster
is you being bold enough
to break the cycle
and carve out a real life
for yourself and those you love.
Let this be a sign
and you go rethink some things.
And if you decide you want help
or revenge.
my name is Oscar Shaw
and I ain't hard to find.
Go.
[door chimes]
[sighs] You know what. man?
Fuck it.
Andre can stay with you.
For now.
[sighs]
[forlorn music]
Okay. Here's your allowance.
Don't spend it all on junk.
I know.
We are so glad to have
you back. Officer Shaw.
[upbeat music]
♪ Goddamn baby. goddamn ♪
♪ Look what you're doing to me ♪
♪ Wait up. never hold back ♪
♪ Show me what I wanna see ♪
♪ Full speed baby. full speed ♪
♪ We ain't got no time
to waste ♪
♪ Move me. use me ♪
♪ Up and down like an Escalade ♪
♪ You've been looking
in the right place ♪
♪ You've been moving
at the right pace ♪
♪ Running forward.
then for sideways. yeah ♪
♪ So come on over.
bring it my way ♪
♪ There's no rules ♪
♪ Don't matter
what they might say ♪
♪ Let's just see
if we can vibrate. yeah ♪
♪ You got the juice ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ 'Cause every time
you can deny ♪
♪ And you can't lose ♪
♪ I know you got the juice ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ You got the juice ♪
♪ 'Cause every time
you can deny ♪
♪ And you can't lose ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Move out. baby. know how ♪
♪ I've never seen that before ♪
♪ It's too nice. do it right ♪
♪ Got me coming back for more ♪
♪ It's too right.
you're too ripe ♪
♪ I'm picking you off the vine ♪
♪ It's too deep ♪
♪ I lose sleep ♪
♪ I'll be dreaming
in the afterlife ♪
♪ You've been looking
in the right place ♪
♪ You've been moving
at the right pace ♪
♪ Running forward.
then for sideways. yeah ♪
♪ So come on over.
bring it my way ♪
♪ There's no rules ♪
♪ Don't matter what
they might say ♪
♪ Let's just see
if we can vibrate ♪
♪ You got the juice ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ 'Cause every time
you can deny ♪
♪ And you can't lose ♪
♪ I know you got the juice ♪